This is my friend's secret base
Modesty should not be found for a while and a half
Thanks.
You stopped talking?
I don't know how I can speak anymore
But I can't say long sentences.
It's a good thing
It will definitely become more and more fluent in the future
How about private?
There's nothing left to do.
It is expected that the lazy sadness will start next week.
Our family is going to move abroad.
I'll be back.
Sorry.
Don't say sorry
And it's really been going downhill over the years.
I can only blame myself
No one else's to blame
I don't have it.
Involved me
Okay, let's not talk about it.
How about you?
You said you had something to ask me for help. What's the matter?
Sir?
i
disease
sick
How come?
Do you know myopia?
Ooh.
I don't have any friends.
I don't know who to ask for help
So I want to come to you for help
you
How do you want me to help you?
i
I want you to marry me and be the father of my children